Update audit-wcag.md (#716)
Orange-OpenSource/a11y-guidelines: src/en/mobile/android/wcag-audit.md

The purpose of the WCAG audit is to calculate the compliance rates found in the accessibility statements which are available on Orange apps.

> Orange has developed a grid of questions called the va11ydette. This grid is built using several questions covering the 55 criteria of the WCAG version 2.2 levels A and AA. Each question is used to validate or invalidate one or more criteria, and any given criterion can be addressed by one or more questions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orange has developed a grid of questions called the va11ydette. This grid is built using several questions covering 50 criteria of the WCAG version 2.2 levels A and AA, applicable to mobile applications. Each question is used to validate or invalidate one or more criteria, and any given criterion can be addressed by one or more questions. 
```

> Orange has developed a grid of questions called the va11ydette. This grid is built using several questions covering 50 criteria of the WCAG version 2.2 levels A and AA, applicable to mobile applications. Each question is used to validate or invalidate one or more criteria, and any given criterion can be addressed by one or more questions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Orange has created an evaluation checklist called the Va11ydette. This tool splits the 50 WCAG 2.2 level A and AA criteria for mobile applications into a series of questions.
```
